Add graceful resize, async , and continous mode (#1)
MaterializeIncLabs/simple-autoscaler: README.md

simple-autoscaler
==================
A very naive attempt at an autoscale script built on top of the cluster utilization logic we've been developing.

## Setup

> To setup use python 3.11 or great and run `pip instal -r requirements.txt`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To setup use Python 3.11 or greater and run `pip install -r requirements.txt`.
```

## Running
Basic:
`python autoscale.py`

There are two ways to run this, 'continuous' or 'one-shot'.
- In continuous mode this this script will periodically poll the metrics for all
clusters and making scaling when the memory usage is beyond defined thresholds.
- In one-shot mode, only one check/scale cycle will complete and the script will
exit.

This script is now compatible with private preview feature [graceful resizing](https://materialize.com/docs/sql/alter-cluster/#graceful-cluster-resizing) which will allow the scaling events
to occur with no noticeable downtime. *This is currently feature gated, and cannot be used on clusters with sinks or sources.*

Currently all thresholds and config options apply to all clusters. If you want to run this with different settings for different clusters you should

> just run the script multiple times sepcing the `--clusters` you want and the specific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
just run the script multiple times specifying the `--clusters` you want and the specific
```

also the last sentence here is incomplete!
